fix: tx fields for accounts allowing empty string (#2525)
XRPLF/xrpl.js: packages/xrpl/HISTORY.md

* Add pseudo transaction types to `tx` and `ledger` method responses.
* Add missing `type` param to `ledger_data` and `ledger` requests
* Type assertions around `PreviousTxnID` and `PreviousTxnLgrSeq` missing on some ledger objects

> * Transaction fields that equate to an address no longer allow an empty string `''`. If you want to specify the genesis account you must manually specify `rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhoLvTp`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transaction fields that represent an address no longer allow an empty string (`''`). If you want to specify [ACCOUNT_ZERO](https://xrpl.org/addresses.html#special-addresses), you can specify `rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhoLvTp`. ⚠️ **WARNING:** `rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhoLvTp` is a black hole address, with no corresponding private key. Accounts/funds controlled by this address are not accessible.
```

Reviewer 2: `rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhoLvTp` is not the genesis account, it's the zero account
